brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/controller/RegistrationController.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.controller.RegistrationController
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/dto/DiaryDto.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.dto.DiaryDto
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.dto.DiaryDto$DiaryDtoBuilder
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/entity/Recommendation.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.entity.Recommendation
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.entity.Recommendation$RecommendationBuilder
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/service/PatientService.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.service.PatientService
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/controller/DiaryController.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.controller.DiaryController
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/repository/PatientRepository.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.repository.PatientRepository
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/repository/DeviceRepository.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.repository.DeviceRepository
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/validator/PasswordMatchesValidator.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.validator.PasswordMatchesValidator
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/dto/PatientDto.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.dto.PatientDto
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/service/BasePatientService.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.service.BasePatientService
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/entity/Device.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.entity.Device
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.entity.Device$DeviceBuilder
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/validator/ann/PasswordMatches.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.validator.ann.PasswordMatches
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/entity/Patient.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.entity.Patient
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.entity.Patient$PatientBuilder
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/HealthbrApplication.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.HealthbrApplication
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/repository/RecommendationRepository.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.repository.RecommendationRepository
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/controller/RecommendationsController.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.controller.RecommendationsController
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/configuration/ApplicationConfiguration.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.configuration.ApplicationConfiguration
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/entity/PatientTestimony.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.entity.PatientTestimony
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.entity.PatientTestimony$PatientTestimonyBuilder
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/repository/PatientTestimonyRepository.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.repository.PatientTestimonyRepository
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/controller/DoctorController.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.controller.DoctorController
brbrbrbrbr/healthbr/controller/LoginController.java
 brbrbrbrbr.healthbr.controller.LoginController
